These are the outlines of the documentation (work-sketch...): 

	The documenation consists of: 

		1. The terminology section. 
			It includes definitions of various library terms, needed to understand means of its functioning. 
			Also houses notation explanation. 
			Examples (to be added): 

			1. Template
			2. Class
			3. Type (note two definitions - 1. A set of objects defined by the same class [current, to be cut out in v1.1.]; 2. A defined structure in a program, whose purpose is to provide methods sharing certain similarities an easy way of their identification. Tool for object-structuring, a set of items. [Not currently present, will replace 1. in v1.1]); 
			4. Callable (Function generalization, note that it is not yet a library entity); 
			5. Object
			6. Alias
			7. Function (Composition of other functions, or elementary); 
			8. Unlimited (one that is not restricted in some way numerically)
			9. General (such so as to serve as a 'mother'-structure for others, non-elementary, composite)
			10. Infinite (meaning - extending in at least one direction indefinitely, infinitely-computable)
			11. Macro (note that they are to be cut out; commands-styled functions used for representation of higher typesystem elements); 
			12. Native (equivalent of 'builtin'/out-of-the-box in context of language)
			13. Variable (note, that it is to undergo change - to allow for flexible ('State') variables, not only the static ones, as currently); 
			14. Form
			15. Comparison (predicates of two variables, potentially symmetric); 
			16. Counter
		
			Note that the vocabulary for v1.1 is likely to grow (considerably)

		2. The list of items (definitions). 
			As-is enumeration of library items. Each gets its own page.
		3. The list of modules; 
			Each gets its own page, enumeration of things that it contains. 
		4. Pages for _each_ item. 
			They would contain a brief description, a link to the source and tests examples (if any). 
			ONLY THAT! NO STUFF REGARDING PRECISE WORKFLOW OR GIMMICKS/ISSUES-WITH-CURRENT-DEFINITION, NOTHING MORE THAN THAT. 
			NOT FOR THE V1.0ALPHA!
		5. General information page; 
			Involves the description of the capabilities of the package and other things. 
		6 (?). Current Issues page - include there everything...; 